feat: add base locale (#1748)
faker-js/faker: docs/guide/localization.md

> 

Reviewer: I think we could add a note here about what the base locale is.

Author: Please move on and use the suggestion feature in GitHub

<img width="200" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/7195563/227449530-d7105239-0ccb-415b-8617-9bfc90029b35.png">

Author: @matthewmayer please suggest something or lead me in the right direction

Reviewer: What's the logic on what information is included in the base locale? My understanding is that it would be only data which is not locale specific. But that seems contradicted by the fact that hacker.abbreviation is localised. Whatever the logic is should be documented here.

Author: @matthewmayer please have a look into https://github.com/faker-js/faker/pull/1748/commits/f5901e4bafc6ab633d7ecf9a2dbb6d77e9ac94ae and tell me if this satisfies your needs

@ST-DDT please tell me if this is correct what I wrote

Reviewer: I think that will do for now. I still find it a bit unclear why say `faker.hacker.abbreviation` is includes in `base` but not `faker.lorem.*` if the rule is "Content that should work in all languages, but could be overridden in some cases"

Reviewer 2: I'm also not sure about lorem, but we can adjust that later if needed.

As for `hacker.abbreviation`: I also maintain a repository with Chinese users that also open issues in their native language.
What I noticed is that in most cases IT-components or libraries are still in latin letters making them one of the few parts I can actually read without a translator.

};

export const customFaker = new Faker({
  locale: [customLocale, de_CH, de, en, base],
});
```

- `customLocale` is your custom locale definition which will override every other fallback definitions (including the base locale if you override something from that).
- `de_CH` is a specific locale definition that overrides some german definitions.
- `de` is a generic german locale definition.
- `en` is a generic english locale definition which will be used if something is not defined in the `de` locales.

> - `base` is the base locale definition which contains definitions that can be used in every language (like e.g. a set of emojis).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example there are 5 locales. Each of these is checked in order, and the first locale which contains the requested data will be used:

- `customLocale` is your custom locale definition which will override all other fallback definitions.
- `de_CH` is a specific locale definition that overrides some German definitions with `CH` (Switzerland) data.
- `de` is a generic `de` (German) locale definition.
- `en` is a generic `en` (English) locale definition. This is our most complete locale, so we add it to fill some gaps. Depending on your needs, you might want or not want to have it as a fallback.
- `base` is the base locale definition which contains definitions that can be used in every language (e.g. emojis).
```

Reviewer 2: I would add a newline between the "introduction" and the list.
Also maybe add an additional hint to en like: `This is our most complete locale, so we add it to fill some gaps. Depending on your needs, you might want or not want to have it as a fallback especially for languages with non latin characters.`

Reviewer: agreed although i dont think the "especially for languages with non latin characters" is needed.

Reviewer: updated suggestion
